welcome to Wilson County motors you're
authorized Chevrolet Buick GMC dealer we
just took on trade this 2011 it's the
Ford SVT Raptor super crew awesome Pro
very familiar with this truck silver in
color it's got the SVT Raptor 17-inch
all terrain the F it rips tire on it
tires got about 4,000 miles on them the
LT they're 315 7017 got the molded mud
guards a stuffy Raptor graphics package
on it gonna wraps all the way through
the back it's got a deep tinted glass
the hood is the 6.2 liter v8 Chuck's got
41,000 miles on it and we just took it
on trillion on a brand new 2015 GMC 3500
Denali looking for an awesome power
plant after unique it's got the little
lights up in the front and nighttime
goes light up hooks up front stuffy
guard underneath it's definitely the
whole box shots Terriers got the black
leather trim interior dual power
seedings got the Sony audio system we've
got the original owners manual this
satin nickel accents taffy factory
navigation stuff a raptor and the
seating very unique sieves part of the
raptor package it's got heated seats
all-weather floor mats
whip up seats you got your sub part of
your Sony audio system in the back you
also got your exhilarate plugins we're
heating air and all-weather mats in the
back sliding rear window with rear
window defrost the graphics are very
good condition help of Simon Jones Simon
you gonna zoom up on these matte black
with a gloss black combination for 10
locking rear differential I'm gonna zoom
in up in here you got your Fox shocks
dual exhaust that's lightning in the
back you're naked spt Raptor logos got
your rear factory tailgate step look
down cargo very clean overall body
condition if you'd like to see pictures
copy the CARFAX you can give me a call
by numbers eight five five five Oh 78520
or you can check us out on the web at
Wilson County motors comm we're just a
short drive from Nashville Tennessee we
welcome business from just about
anywhere will consider trade ends we've
got financing available with birth
credit if you're from out of state New
York California Texas Minnesota
Wisconsin Michigan whiling doesn't
matter we'll take care of all your tags
paper will collect your tax we send
everything in get a drive out egg if you
want to fly into Nashville be in the
airport just a few minutes away we can
pick you up there
again eight five five five Oh 78520 dual
power seating with memory your
adjustable pedals all your audio
controls we're gonna hop inside and take
a look at this a little bit better
gripped with your premium sony sound
navigation
awesome sound dual zone climate control
trailer brake control
you've got your locking rear
differential just pull that out you can
go into four for example for high you've
got your off-road and going to your
formal position
I'll get your hilde sin you got your
gauge indicator you've got your off-road
mode you can also run through a manual
mode here if you want disables the
traction
one awesome truck available for sale wat
last seconds eight five five five Oh
78520 Wilson County motors your
authorized Chevrolet Buick GMC dealer
since 1927
my name is Bryan grizzly the help of
Simon Jones thanks for view